The column of bones called
vertebrae make up your spine.
These bones are named
based on their location.
The cervical vertebrae are in your neck.
The thoracic vertebrae
are in your upper back,
and the lumbar vertebrae
are in your lower back.
The hollow space in the vertebrae
called the spinal canal
surrounds the spinal cord.
Stenosis means
the spinal canal has narrowed,
reducing the area for the spinal cord.
This narrowing increases pressure
on nerves coming off of the spinal cord
and can cause back pain, or numbness,
weakness, or pain in the leg.
Stenosis is most common
in the lumbar region
but may also occur in the cervical
or thoracic region of the spinal column.